Take a break, I'll send someone to see you back after a while.
You don't care to listen,
I also want to ask for an explanation from the international atmosphere.
It's uncomfortable for him to do this easily today,
I'll give him a new horse,
Make sure we identify the person who took the princess,
Just some princes, one of them,
If it weren't for Xiao Xie, the emperor's boy, and the person with the princess,
Must live, take a short break,
Don't worry, take a short rest,
That's good, even if I don't care about committing suicide,
You can't get off your horse either,
Watching like crazy, I won’t be able to kill you again,
what happened,
You, today, today, today, thank you today,
Do you want to die? Kill me without a name.
Toki Knife enters Jade Study Room
It's not a trivial matter for me to kill you, right?
This is the knife you use
The croaking chicken
brings out appreciation
What do you mean
Although it is your righteous person who recruits the level in total
Still my sister
I am recruiting for the right level
But this is not the reason why you are good at Jade Study Room
You said you didn't participate in the appreciation
Why is he the chick book?
Let him be beaten to death